# How do I subscribe or unsubscribe to feeds in Reader?

You can subscribe to RSS feeds inside Reader in multiple ways.

* First, whenever you save a document to Reader, Reader scans the domain for the presence of an RSS feed. If it detects an associated RSS feed, a `Subscribe` button will appear in the right sidebar on both web and mobile. You can tap this `Subscribe` button to add this RSS feed to your account. If you're already subscribed to the source, this `Subscribe` button will become `Unsubscribe`.
* Second, you can navigate to the [Manage feeds section](https://read.readwise.io/feed/sources) of the web app and click `Add feeds` (`Shift + A`) to search for or manually input a domain or RSS feed. On mobile, you can tap the "..." icon in the rop right of the **Feeds** view, then tap the **Add feed** button.
* Third, you can upload an OPML file of RSS feeds to Reader by exporting the file from an existing feed reader, dragging the OPML file on top of the web app or opening the upload dialog (keyboard shortcut: `U`) and selecting the file. This is typically how you would quickly migrate from an existing feed reader such as Feedly, Inoreader, Reeder, Feedbin, etc.
* Finally, you can subscribe in bulk to suggested feeds from the "Suggested" tab on the [Manage feeds section](https://read.readwise.io/feed/sources) of the web app. This tab contains all the RSS feeds detected on documents you've saved to Reader. If you're not a pre-existing RSS power user, we recommend subscribing to all feeds contained in the "High signal feeds" section and then pruning back sources you don't like over time.
